Improve Openshift documentation (#17867)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/docs/running-on-kubernetes.asciidoc

If you are using Red Hat OpenShift, you need to specify additional settings in
the manifest file and enable the container to run as privileged.

> . Modify the `DaemonSet` container spec in the manifest file:

Reviewer: Is this dot intended?
```suggestion
Modify the `DaemonSet` container spec in the manifest file:
```

Author: It is yes, it is an ordered list item 😬

Reviewer: Oh ok :facepalm:

+
[source,yaml]
-----
  securityContext:
    runAsUser: 0
    privileged: true

> -----

Reviewer 2: Would it be good to place this inside of the DaemonSet commented out, that way it can be quickly commented out.

Reviewer 3: actually, would it be possible to use the `oc patch` command to streamline adding this?

Author: @blakerouse we already have it https://github.com/elastic/beats/blob/4c84db1d7236ef52e82de795de31e96f0c7df2a0/deploy/kubernetes/metricbeat-kubernetes.yaml#L142 (and some for Fileveat).

@exekias it is possible with `oc -n kube-system patch ds metricbeat -p '{"spec": {"template": {"spec": {"containers": [{"name": "metricbeat", "securityContext": {"privileged": true, "runAsUser": 0}}]}}}}'` but it will restart the pods of the DS. Is this really wanted?

Reviewer 3: yeah, by looking at the command and restart behavior, sounds like uncommenting may actually be cleaner

      hosts: ["https://${NODE_NAME}:10250"]
      bearer_token_file: /var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token
      ssl.certificate_authorities:

>         - ${VALID_CA}
> -----
> NOTE: `VALID_CA` can be any CA that is valid so as to reach out the Kubelet API,

Reviewer: Nit. Use a different format for this, so it doesn't look like an environment variable that should be defined somewhere.
```suggestion
        - /path/to/kubelet-service-ca.crt
-----
NOTE: `kubelet-service-ca.crt` can be any CA bundle that contains the issuer of the certificate used in the Kubeler API,
```

> for instance `/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/service-ca.crt`. According to each specific installation
> of Openshift this can be found either in `secrets` or in `configmaps`.
> For instance, in case of using Openshift installer[https://github.com/openshift/installer/blob/master/docs/user/gcp/install.md]

Reviewer: Nit. Reorganize it a little bit to more explicitly mention where this can be found. It could be nice to explicitly say where this CA can be found depending on the installation method.
```suggestion
According to each specific installation of Openshift this can be found either in `secrets` or in `configmaps`.
In some installations it can be available as part of the service account secret, in `/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/service-ca.crt`.
In case of using Openshift installer[https://github.com/openshift/installer/blob/master/docs/user/gcp/install.md]
```
